Add zone entity documentation (#48)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/create/entities/zone-entity.rst

##########################
Add a Zone Entity
##########################

> A zone entity allows you to set properties to a specific area. These properties include: flying, ghosting, key lighting, skybox, ambient lighting, hase, bloom and avatar priorities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Zone entity enables you to set properties in a specific volume. These properties include: flying, ghosting, key lighting, skybox, ambient lighting, haze, bloom, and avatar priorities.
```

Author: Even though "volume" is more specific that "area", I feel like could would confuse people. Especially non-native english speakers.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

.. contents:: On This Page
    :depth: 3

-------------------------
Explanation of Properties
-------------------------

> The amount of properties might seem intimidating at first. They all serve their own goals and have reason to exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The numberof properties might seem intimidating at first. However, they all serve their own goals and have reason to exist:
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+

> | Flying Allowed         | Enables or disables flying for people inside the zone. This makes sense for gamemodes, or   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Flying Allowed         | Enables or disables flying for people inside the zone. This makes sense for game modes, or  |
```

|                        | if you just don't want people to break your immersion.                                      |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Ghosting Allowed       | Enables or disables the ability to phase through colliders by disabling the enviroment      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ghosting Allowed       | Enables or disables the ability to pass through entities by disabling the environment       |
```

> |                        | collisions. Useful for making labyrinths for example.                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | collisions. Useful when creating labyrinths, for example.                                   |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Filter                 | Filters are specialized JavaScript functions that prevent unwanted modifications to         |
|                        | entities inside the zone. This property takes the URL to such a script.                     |
|                        | More information here:                                                                      |

> |                        | `Protect Your Domain’s Content <../../host/configure-settings/entity-filters.html>`_        |

Reviewer: Reword to: "See __Protect Your Domain's Content__ for more information."

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Key Light              | Enabling this allows you to set a directional light, e.g. a sun, for the entire zone.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key Light              | This sets a directional light, e.g. a sun, for the entire zone.                             |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Skybox                 | This allowed you to set a so called "Skybox". This is commonly used to apply a sky texture  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Skybox                 | This lets you to set a so-called "skybox". This is commonly used to apply a sky texture     |
```

|                        | the zone.                                                                                   |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Ambient Light          | This is used to apply light coming from the Skybox. An example usecase for this would be to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ambient Light          | This is used to apply light coming from the skybox. An example use case for this is to         |
```

> | Ambient Light          | This is used to apply light coming from the Skybox. An example usecase for this would be to |

Reviewer: Isn't ambient light for general, environmental light; such as may come from the environment in general, not a particular light source? And to set the light coming from a sun on the skybox you would typically use the key light property?

Author: According to the tooltips in the create menu, and my tests, it uses the texture as a lightsource.
The example with the sun might not be the best idea.
Further down is a more fitting example `One scenario where this could be useful, would be a spacestation, that is illuminated my multiple suns and reflections from different colored planets.`

Reviewer: Perhaps a sunset with colored clouds in the sky would be a better example? (Illustrates light coming from multiple directions rather than a point source.)

Author: Changed this to `This is used if you have light coming from more than just a sun. For example if you have multiple suns.` for now, since I don't think clouds in sunset are a very clear example either.

> |                        | have a sun that is on the Skyboxs texture actually emit light.                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | have a sun that is on the skybox's texture actually emit light.                             |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Haze                   | Creates fog or mist.                                                                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Bloom                  | This enables a visual effect known as "Bloom". A slight Bloom effect could be used to make  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bloom                  | This enables a visual effect known as "bloom". A slight bloom effect could be used to make  |
```

|                        | zones appear bright.                                                                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Avatar Priority        | This property changes the update priority of avatar movements by allocating more bandwidth, |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Avatar Priority        | This property changes the update priority of avatar movements by allocating more bandwidth  |
```

|                        | which has been reserved by the avatar mixer. It is commonly used on live events to have     |

> |                        | entertainers avatars' movements still be smooth, even with a huge crowd also being updated. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | entertainers' avatar movements still be smooth, even with a huge crowd also being updated.  |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^^^^^^
Key Light
^^^^^^^^^

> Key Lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the Key Light as a sun, which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key Light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.
```

> The following properties are available for Key Lighting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties are available for key lighting:
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+
| Key Light Color        | Sets the color of the key light. This could be used to simulate a sunset.                   |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Light Intensity        | This changes the intensity of the key lighting.                                             |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Light Horizontal Angle | Sets the rotation around the zones y axis and starts in its -z direction.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Light Horizontal Angle | Sets the rotation around the zone's y axis and starts in its -z direction.                  |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Light Vertical Angle   | Sets the rotation around the zones x axis and starts in its -z direction.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Light Vertical Angle   | Sets the rotation around the zone's x axis and starts in its -z direction.                  |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Cast Shadows           | This enables shadows, while still respecting the "Cast Shadows" property of other entities. |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Shadow Bias            | This controls shadow bias and needs to be fine tuned. Too low values can cause so called    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Shadow Bias            | This controls shadow bias and needs to be fine tuned. Too-low values can cause so called    |
```

Author: Changing `Too low` to `Too-low` seems pretty weird to me.

> |                        | "shadow acne", while too high values can cause so called "peter panning".                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | "shadow acne", while too-high values can cause so called "peter panning".                   |
```

Author: Changing `Too high` to `Too-high` seems pretty weird to me.

Reviewer: OK

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Shadow Max Distance    | Sets the maximum distance in meters from your view at which shadows will be shown.          |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^^^
Skybox
^^^^^^

> Skyboxes are used to define the background of a zone. There is two types of skybox images that can be used. The aspect ratio gets used to define the type of image. Images with a differing aspect ratio will not be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skyboxes are used to define the background of a zone. There are two types of skybox images that can be used. The aspect ratio isused to define the type of image. Images with a differing aspect ratio are not be displayed.
```

Types:

* Cubemaps have an aspect ratio of 4:3 and consist of 6 sides, which are projected onto a cube.

.. image:: _images/cubemap-skybox.png

* Equirectanglar images have an aspect ratio of 2:1 and are projected onto a sphere.

.. image:: _images/equirectanglar-skybox.jpg

^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ambient Light
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ambient lighting illuminates the view according to the brightness and color of a texture.
Accepted properties are:

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+
| Ambient Intensity      | This sets the intensity of the illumination.                                                |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Ambient Source         | This take the URL of a texture similar to the skybox. So similar to the skybox, that you    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ambient Source         | This takes the URL of a texture similar to the skybox. So similar to the skybox, that you   |
```

|                        | can actually use the same texture as the skybox. One scenario where this could be useful,   |

> |                        | would be a spacestation, that is illuminated my multiple suns and reflections from          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | would be a space station that is illuminated my multiple suns and reflections from          |
```

|                        | different colored planets.                                                                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^
Haze
^^^^

> Haze creates fog inside a Zone. This can be used to make things look more unsettling, but is also useful for hiding distant geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haze creates fog inside a Zone. This can be used to make things look more atmospheric but is also useful for hiding distant geometry.
```

> There is a couple of properties available for Haze:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties available for haze:
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+

> | Range                  | This sets how far the Haze extends in meters. Use this to influence viewing distance and    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Range                  | This sets how far the haze extends in meters. Use this to influence viewing distance and    |
```

|                        | thickness.                                                                                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Use Altitude           | This changes the Haze intensity depending on altitude. Higher altitude means more fog.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use Altitude           | This changes the haze intensity depending on altitude. Higher altitude means more fog.      |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Base                   | This is the base of the altitude range.                                                     |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ceiling                | This is the ceiling of the altitude range. Regardless of the name, the ceiling can be lower |
|                        | than the base to have the effect upside down; lower altitude meaning less fog.              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Haze Color             | Sets the color of the Hase.                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Haze Color             | Sets the color of the haze.                                                                 |
```

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Background Blend       | This controls how much of the skybox is visible through the Haze. Higher values showing     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Background Blend       | This controls how much of the skybox is visible through the haze. Higher values showing     |
```

|                        | more skybox.                                                                                |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Glare                  | Glare can be used to show an effect for the direction that the Key Light is coming from.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Glare                  | Glare can be used to show an effect for the direction that the key light is coming from.    |
```

|                        | This is mainly useful for making a sun look especially bright.                              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Glare Color            | Sets the color of the glare effect.                                                         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Glare Angle            | This changes the size of the glare effect.                                                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^^
Bloom
^^^^^

The bloom effect is used to make bright areas glow. This effect could be used to make streetlight at night appear like they are actually illuminating light.

> It take the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has the following properties:
```

##########################
Add a Zone Entity
##########################

> A Zone entity enables you to set properties to a specific area. These properties include: flying, ghosting, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Zone entity enables you to set properties in a specific area. These properties include: flying, ghosting, 
```

key lighting, skybox, ambient lighting, haze, bloom, and avatar priorities.

.. contents:: On This Page
    :depth: 3

-------------------------
Explanation of Properties
-------------------------

The number of properties might seem intimidating at first. However, they all serve their own goals and have reason to exist:

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+

> | Flying Allowed         | Enables or disables flying for people inside the zone. This makes sense for game modes, or  |

Reviewer 2: "Enables or disables flying for people inside the zone." -> "Enables or disables flying for avatars inside the zone."

Author: The avatar could likely still fly scripts or accessories. The point should be that the person themself cannot.

Reviewer 2: I suppose, that could go either way I sense in terms of how someone will interpret this on the first go. Let's leave it as is then. :D

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ghosting Allowed       | Enables or disables the ability to pass through entities by disabling the environment       |
|                        | collisions. Useful for creating labyrinths, for example.                                    |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Filter                 | Filters are specialized JavaScript functions that prevent unwanted modifications to         |
|                        | entities inside the zone. This property takes the URL to such a script.                     |
|                        | See `Protect Your Domain’s Content <../../host/configure-settings/entity-filters.html>`_    |
|                        | for more information.                                                                       |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Key Light              | This sets a directional light, e.g. a sun, for the entire zone.                             |

Reviewer 2: Change to:

> This sets a directional light for the entire zone, e.g. this can simulate a sun casting light.

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Ambient Light          | This is used to apply light coming from the skybox. This is used if you have light coming   |
|                        | from more than just a sun. For example if you have multiple suns.                           |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Haze                   | Creates fog or mist.                                                                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Bloom                  | This enables a visual effect known as "bloom". A slight bloom effect could be used to make  |
|                        | zones appear bright.                                                                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Avatar Priority        | This property changes the update priority of avatar movements by allocating more bandwidth  |

Reviewer 2: Change to: 

> This property changes the priority of avatar movements being updated by allocating more bandwidth reserved by the avatar mixer. It is commonly used with live events to have entertainers' avatar movements be smooth, even with a large crowd also being updated within the same domain.

|                        | which has been reserved by the avatar mixer. It is commonly used on live events to have     |
|                        | entertainers' avatar movements still be smooth, even with a huge crowd also being updated.  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^^^^^^
Key Light
^^^^^^^^^

> Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Author: This seems out of scope of this.

> Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Reviewer 2: The reason I put that there is because we removed the example reference from below. You have a lot of examples so I figured explaining that there might help summarize what you can do with these values? Dunno.

> Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Author: Telling people to think about the key lighting as a sun seems like enough of an example already.

> Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Reviewer 2: I see what you mean. Alright, then I suppose removing the example from the "Key Light Color" and leaving this as is might be most appropriate?

> Key lighting is used to illuminate a zone. You can think of the key light as a sun which illuminates a zone from a specific direction.

Author: I wouldn't want to remove the Key Light Color example. The point of that is to give people an idea what they can actually do with that property. Personally, when I first looked at at the Key Light Color property I thought to myself "Why would I ever want to change the color."

The following properties are available for key lighting:

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+

> | Key Light Color        | Sets the color of the key light. This could be used to simulate a sunset.                   |

Author: Changed to "This could be used to simulate the color of a sunset. " to make it more clear.

> | Key Light Color        | Sets the color of the key light. This could be used to simulate a sunset.                   |

Reviewer 2: I was recommending just removing the example entirely and putting the reference as below since I guess that would be a more fitting place to put such an example, so that people know that everything below plays into such a thing?

The aspect ratio is used to define the type of image. Images with a differing aspect ratio are not displayed.

Types:

* Cubemaps have an aspect ratio of 4:3 and consist of 6 sides, which are projected onto a cube.

.. image:: _images/cubemap-skybox.png

* Equirectanglar images have an aspect ratio of 2:1 and are projected onto a sphere.

.. image:: _images/equirectanglar-skybox.jpg

^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ambient Light
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ambient lighting illuminates the view according to the brightness and color of a texture.
Accepted properties are:

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Property               | Description                                                                                 |
+========================+=============================================================================================+
| Ambient Intensity      | This sets the intensity of the illumination.                                                |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Ambient Source         | This takes the URL of a texture similar to the skybox. So similar to the skybox, that you   |

Author: It should be "URL of" rather than "URL to" since it is "the Uniform Resource Locator of ...".
Not only the texture layout is the same, but also the maximum resolution.

> | Ambient Source         | This takes the URL of a texture similar to the skybox. So similar to the skybox, that you   |

Reviewer 2: Change to:

> This is a URL of a texture with the same qualities of a skybox. You can also use the actual skybox URL in this field. One scenario where this could be useful would be a space station that is illuminated my multiple suns and reflections from different colored planets.
